Revert "fix wrong link" (#33250)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmliframeelement/browsingtopics/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{non-standard_header}}

> > **Warning:** This feature is currently opposed by two browser vendors. See the [Standards positions](#standards_positions) section below for details of opposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** This feature is currently opposed by two browser vendors. See the [Standards positions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Topics_API#standards_positions) for details of opposition.
```

> The **`browsingTopics`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLIFrameElement")}} interface is a boolean specifying that that the selected topics for the current user should be sent with the request for the associated {{htmlelement("iframe")}}'s source in a {{httpheader("Sec-Browsing-Topics")}} header. This reflects the `browsingtopics` HTML attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`browsingTopics`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLIFrameElement")}} interface is a boolean specifying that the selected topics for the current user should be sent with the request for the associated {{htmlelement("iframe")}}'s source in a {{httpheader("Sec-Browsing-Topics")}} header. This reflects the `browsingtopics` HTML attribute.
```

Author: Not sure it is useful to change this here:

1. You created a PR that I merged
2. You asked for a revert as you want to continue to work on the original PR
3. I don't think we should make extra changes on this one, as you are creating a new PR.

As said, ideally, you create a follow-up PR for the precedence that I can review.

Also, if a PR is not ready for review, please create it as a draft.

Reviewer: i so sorry, Maybe I'm getting my own interpretation wrong. i will created new pull request for you. please delate this pull request
